>> PROM WAS NOTHING BUT DRAMA.
>> JUST TAKE THE PICK
AND STAB IT IN LIKE THAT.
>> JASON PROVED ONCE AGAIN
WHAT A DOG HE IS.
>> WHO'D YOU HOOK UP WITH
ON PROM?
>> ALEX.
>> [screams]
>> AND I WAS SO DONE WITH TALAN.
BYE, TALAN. SEE YOU LATER.
MM-HMM.
I WAS JUST ALL ABOUT
GETTING A NEW TOY TO PLAY WITH,
AND I DON'T MEAN A BOY.
>> LET'S MAKE SOME PLANS.
I DON'T HAVE ANY PLANS
THIS SUMMER.
MAYBE I DO NEED A LITTLE BIT
OF PLANS.
>> ONCE AGAIN, STEPHEN REACHED
OUT TO LAUREN.
>> WHAT DO YOU THINK WOULD EVER
HAPPEN IF ME AND YOU, LIKE,
HAD A RELATIONSHIP
THAT, LIKE, LASTED?
>> I DON'T KNOW.
>> BUT THIS TIME, IT WASN'T
STEPHEN SHE WAS INTERESTED IN.
SHE WAS ABOUT TO SHOCK EVERYONE
BY DATING THE ONE GUY IN LAGUNA
NO ONE EXPECTED.
>> WE HAVEN'T HAD, LIKE, A PARTY
WITH, LIKE, EVERYONE
WHO'S BACK YET.
>> YEAH, I KNOW, BUT, LIKE,
I FEEL, LIKE, JUST TO, LIKE,
KICK OFF THE SUMMER,
WE SHOULD HAVE, LIKE,
EVERYONE HERE.
>> THAT'D BE SUCH A GOOD IDEA.
JUST, LIKE, SEE EVERYONE.
>> DO YOU WANT TO DO BARBECUE,
LIKE, COOK FOOD?
>> THAT'D BE SO FUN.
WHO DO YOU WANNA INVITE?
>> WELL, WE'LL INVITE
OBVIOUS PEOPLE IN OUR GRADE
THAT WE HAVEN'T SEEN.
WE'LL JUST GET EVERYONE HERE,
AND THEN WE'LL INVITE
A FEW OF THE MELLOW SENIORS
LIKE MORGAN, AND TAYLOR
AND ALEX.
OH, AND CASEY, WHO I LOVE.
>> I KNOW YOU LOVE HER.
I KNOW YOU LOVE HER.
WHAT ABOUT YOUNGER BOYS?
OH, WHAT ABOUT JASON?
>> JASON CAN COME.
>> JASON CAN COME?
>> YEAH.
>> WE'RE HAVING A PARTY.
HEY, LAUREN.
WHAT COMES BEFORE PART "B"?
>> PART "A"?
[laughing]
[Hilary Duff's  Come Clean]
>> ♪ 'CAUSE PERFECT ♪
♪ DIDN'T FEEL SO PERFECT ♪
♪ TRYIN' TO FIT A SQUARE ♪
♪ INTO A CIRCLE ♪
♪ WAS NO LIFE ♪
♪ I DEFY ♪
♪ LET THE RAIN FALL DOWN ♪
♪ AND WAKE MY DREAMS ♪
♪ LET IT WASH AWAY ♪
♪ MY SANITY ♪
♪ 'CAUSE I WANNA ♪
♪ FEEL THE THUNDER ♪
♪ I WANNA SCREAM ♪
♪ LET THE RAIN FALL DOWN ♪
♪ I'M COMING CLEAN ♪
>> ♪ THEY'LL DOUBT MY STORY ♪
♪ I TEND TO RUSH ♪
♪ I'LL TELL THEM WATCH AND SEE ♪
♪ WHO STOOD BY ME ♪
♪ ♪
>> OH, SO SMALL.
>> CAN'T BELIEVE IT'S SUMMER.
>> THIS SUMMER, I ACTUALLY
WANT TO CHILL, RELAX.
NO WORRIES.
>> HOW WAS IT WHEN LAUREN
AND KRISTIN CAME TO YOUR PLACE?
>> IT WAS FINE. IT WAS CHILL.
>> I LAUGHED SO HARD
WHEN I HEARD.
I WAS LIKE, "STEPHEN?"
>> IT WASN'T EVEN LIKE THAT.
IT WAS A LITTLE WEIRD
WITH KRISTIN,
BUT WE'VE SETTLED DOWN.
I MEAN, ME AND LAUREN ARE JUST
ME AND LAUREN.
WE'RE ALWAYS GOOD.
>> ARE YOU GONNA CHILL WITH HER
THIS SUMMER?
>> OH, YEAH, TOTALLY.
I'M ACTUALLY REALLY LOOKING
FORWARD TO THIS SUMMER.
>> YEAH.
>> IT SHOULD BE INTERESTING.
BARBECUE TONIGHT.
>> I'VE BEEN LOOKING FORWARD
TO HAVING A BARBECUE
AT LAUREN'S HOUSE, LIKE,
ALL OF US CHILLING BY HER POOL,
'CAUSE IT'S, LIKE, SO PERFECT.
>> OH, IT'S SO NICE.
♪ ♪
>> I REALLY LIKE THESE.
>> YEAH, THEY LOOK LIKE
THEY FIT CUTE.
>> FIT REALLY CUTE.
>> HEY, HEY. WHAT'S UP?
>> TALAN.
>> HOW YOU DOIN'?
>> GOOD. HOW ARE YOU?
>> I'M GOOD. WHAT'S UP?
>> WHATCHA DOING?
>> JUST SHOPPING.
>> OH, REALLY?
>> YEAH.
>> SO HOW ARE THE GIRLS
TREATING YOU, BUD?
>> I'M LIKE...[scoffs]
I'M, LIKE, SO SICK OF IT
RIGHT NOW.
>> SO WHAT?
>> SICK OF EVERYTHING.
I'M JUST, LIKE...
>> I'M SORRY.
>> NO WORRIES.
SO ENOUGH ABOUT ME.
WHAT'S UP WITH YOU?
WHAT'S UP WITH YOU AND STEPHEN?
YOU GUYS GETTING YOUR THING ON?
>> NO, WE'RE JUST BUDS.
>> BUDS?
>> BUDDIES.
>> BUDS.
>> WE'RE, LIKE, GOOD.
>> WELL, YOU'VE ALWAYS BEEN
GOOD.
>> WE'RE GOOD.
WE DON'T HAVE ANY PROBLEMS.
NO FIGHTING.
>> YOU NEVER HAD PROBLEMS.
>> YEAH, WE DID.
WE HAD A BIG PROBLEM.
>> WHAT?
>> KRISTIN.
>> YEAH, SHE'S JUST STUPID.
>> HEY, I'M HAVING A BARBECUE
THIS AFTERNOON
IF YOU WANNA COME.
>> OH, THAT'LL BE SICK.
>> OKAY, I GOTTA GO 'CAUSE...
I GOTTA GO SHOPPING.
♪ ♪
>> I HAVE TO GO ON THIS SIDE
BECAUSE THE DOOR DOESN'T WORK.
>> HEY.
ALL RIGHT...I'M NOT COMPLAINING.
[engine sputtering]
>> IS IT NOT STARTING?
>> NO.
>> ARE YOU SERIOUS?
>> MM-HMM.
OH, MY GOD.
>> OKAY, WAIT, LIKE,
FIVE SECONDS.
>> AND PRESS ON THE BRAKE
WHEN YOU TURN IT.
>> TRY IT ONE MORE TIME.
>> ALL RIGHT.
[engine continues sputtering]
>> OH, MY GOD.
>> WASN'T IT YOUR OIL LAST TIME?
DID YOU GET YOUR OIL CHANGED?
>> YEAH, TRUST ME,
I LEARNED MY LESSON, OKAY?
SHUT UP.
>> ALL RIGHTY.
>> I'LL DRIVE.
>> I NEED A NEW CAR SO BAD.
>> I THINK MAYBE NOW YOUR DAD
WILL BE, LIKE--
>> "DAD, GUESS WHAT.
MY CAR WON'T EVEN START.
SO YOU KNOW WHAT?
I DO NEED A NEW CAR--SHOTGUN.
>> THAT'S REALLY FUNNY.
OH, WELL.
>> "OH, WELL"?
I'M SO SICK OF
THAT PIECE OF...CAR.
HEY, IT'S BEEN THREE YEARS.
YOU WOULD THINK AFTER IT
DOESN'T TURN ON,
I WOULD GET A NEW...CAR. GOD!
♪ ♪
>> YO YO!
>> HELLO?
>> WE'RE BARBECUING.
>> HEY, GUYS.
>> HEY.
>> WHAT'S UP?
>> FOOD. YOU GUYS GET STEAKS?
>> YEAH.
>> NO.
>> WHAT'S COOKIN', GOOD-LOOKIN'?
>> IT'S A NICE DAY.
I'M SO AMPED TO JUMP IN YOUR
POOL.
>> THIS IS, LIKE, FOOD FOR,
LIKE, A HUNDRED.
>> WE INVITED, LIKE, 15 PEOPLE.
>> LET'S GO SWIM.
>> RIGHT NOW?
>> YEAH. BEFORE, LIKE,
WE HAVE TO COOK AND, LIKE,
LET'S JUST GO SWIM
BEFORE PEOPLE GET HERE.
>> OKAY, LET ME GRAB
ANOTHER BOWL.
I'LL BE DOWN THERE IN A SECOND.
>> OOH!
>> WHAT?
>> PUT ONE OF THESE IN MY MOUTH.
WHAT ARE THEY?
>> THEY'RE, LIKE,
LITTLE BROWNIES.
YOU WANT?
[makes chomping noises]
>> STOP.
♪ ♪
>> THAT WAS SORT OF MEAN.
[laughing]
>> SOMEONE GOT WET AND THEY
DIDN'T WANT TO.
>> HEY!
>> HEY.
>> HI!
>> HOW ARE YOU?
>> OH, YUM.
COULD YOU PUT DOUBLE CHEESE
ON MINE?
>> STEPHEN, THESE ARE GOOD
BURGERS.
>> OH, WOW.
>> HI, GUYS.
THIS IS JUSTIN.
>> HI.
>> HEY, WHAT'S UP?
>> THIS IS EVERYONE.
>> LET'S CALL SOME MORE PEOPLE
OVER.
>> HOW ARE YOU GUYS DOING?
>> ALL RIGHT.
>> WHO IS THAT?
>> TALAN.
HE'S BRINGING, LIKE, J-WAHL.
>> WHO'S J-WAHL?
>> JASON--
>> I KEEP HEARING THAT NICKNAME.
EVERY TIME
I HEAR SOMEONE SAY IT,
"I'M LIKE, 'WHO IS THAT?'"
>> MINI-MUG!
>> WHERE'S THE PARTY?
>> YEAH!
>> WHAT UP, BUDDY?
>> MUCH LOVE.
>> HEY, HOW ARE YOU?
>> HI, HOW YA DOING?
>> BYE, LOVE!
>> BYE!
>> HEY.
>> THANKS FOR CALLING ME BACK,
BUBBA.
>> LET'S GO FOR A DIPPER.
LET'S GO IN THE POOL.
YOU COMING IN, DAWG?
YEAH!
>> WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
>> I'M JUST FORMING THEM.
>> YOU'RE FORMING THEM?
>> L.C.
>> COMING.
>> YOU DON'T SAY HI TO ME
WHEN YOU COME INTO MY HOUSE?
>> OF COURSE.
>> BYE, GUYS.
IT WAS GOOD SEEING YOU.
>> NICE TO MEET YOU, BUD.
WHAT A NICE GUY.
HE SEEMS LIKE YOUR TYPE.
>> NO, I HATE MUSCLES.
>> I'M KIDDING. TOTALLY LYING.
>> AT JUNIOR ART COLLEGE,
I MAJORED IN GRAPHIC DESIGN
AND THEN TRANSFERRED TO F.I.D.M.
IT'S LESS OF AN ART SCHOOL.
IT'S MORE OF A BUSINESS SCHOOL.
OH, IT'S GETTING HOT IN HERE.
JASON, GET OVER HERE.
GET OVER HERE.
>> YOU'RE LIKE,
"OH, UM...FOR YOU?"
I WAS LIKE, "YEAH."
>> SERIOUSLY, THOUGH.
>> WE'RE STOPPING.
♪ ♪
>> [screaming]
>> WE'RE DO IT SO MUCH LIKE IT'S
GOING OUT OF STYLE.
>> J-WAHL.
>> YOU'RE GONNA GET YOUR ASS
KICKED RIGHT NOW.
>> JASON...
>> OF COURSE.
YOU LOOK REALLY CUTE.
>> YOU BLOW SMOKE IN MY FACE...
>> I DIDN'T DO THAT.
>> GIVE IT TO ME, JASON.
>> IT ISN'T YOURS.
OKAY, I'LL SHOOT, I'LL SHOOT,
I'LL SHOOT.
♪ ♪
>> [screams]
GOT IT--NO!
♪ ♪
[screams]
>> WHOA!
>> GIVE IT TO ME, JASON.
♪ ♪
>> SUCH A NICE DAY OUT.
>> GOD, IS IT GORGEOUS?
THIS HAS "NEW CAR DAY"
WRITTEN ALL OVER IT.
>> OH, I'M SO EXCITED.
>> WHAT KIND OF CARS
DO THE KIDS HAVE AT SCHOOL?
>> MY FRIENDS ARE PRETTY GOOD
WITH THEIR CARS.
THEIR PARENTS DON'T
SPOIL THEIR KIDS THAT MUCH.
BUT, LIKE, OTHER KIDS
AT MY SCHOOL HAVE--
EVERYONE HAS MERCEDES,
NAVIGATORS, BMWs...
LIKE, BASICALLY, MY ISUZU WAS
ONE OF THE...CARS AT SCHOOL.
>> IT WAS LIKE A CAR
WITH TRAINING WHEELS, YOU KNOW?
>> THAT'S TRUE.
>> NO, THAT CAR'S BEEN A...
>> IT'S BEEN A GOOD--
IT'S BEEN A TROUPER.
>> IT'S BEEN A TROUPER. OH, WOW.
>> I CAME UP WITH THAT MYSELF.
>> UH-HUH.
♪ ♪
>> DID YOU HAVE FUN
AT LC's BARBECUE?
>> YEAH.
>> SHE'S HOT, DUDE.
>> YEAH, SHE IS.
SHE'S SUPER HOT.
IT'S WEIRD, THOUGH.
WITH LC, LIKE,
I CHILLED WITH HER ONCE.
AND, LIKE, RIGHT AFTER, LIKE,
WE DID, I WAS LIKE, "DUDE."
>> YOU LIKED HER?
>> I LIKE THAT GIRL.
>> DID YOU HOOK UP WITH HER?
>> UNH-UNH. I WANT TO.
>> SHE'S A KEEPER.
>> SHE IS A KEEPER.
♪ ♪
>> THIS LOOKS LIKE A GOOD ONE.
>> THAT'S LIKE THE EXACT ONE
I HAVE.
>> YOU THINK?
>> THIS IS MINE?
>> I DON'T KNOW.
>> DAD, IS IT?
IS YOUR NAME ON IT?
>> DAD...DON'T.
IS IT MINE?
>> IT LOOKS SIMILAR,
BUT I DOUBT IT.
>> OH, MY GOD, IT IS MINE, HUH?
>> I DON'T KNOW, BABE.
>> DAD! DAD, YOU'RE SUCH A LIAR!
OH, MY GOD. THIS IS MY CAR.
THANKS, DAD.
>> OKAY, BABE. YOU READY?
>> YEAH. I LOVE YOU. THANK YOU.
>> LOVE YOU, TOO.
OKAY, YOU'RE WELCOME.
>> OKAY.
>> OH, MY GOD. THIS IS MY CAR.
>> HEY.
>> OH, MY GOD. OH, MY GOD.
OH, MY GOD. OH, MY GOD.
I'M, LIKE, IN SHOCK RIGHT NOW.
I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT THIS IS
MY CAR.
>> DOES IT SMELL LIKE
A YUMMY NEW CAR?
>> YEAH, OH, MY GOD,
IT'S LIKE IT'S MY OWN BABY.
>> SEE, I'M EXCITED BECAUSE
I KNOW THAT, LIKE, YOU'RE JUST
GONNA DRIVE ME AROUND ALL THE
TIME NOW, SO...
>> I'M GONNA PICK YOU AND
JESSICA UP AT JESSICA'S
HOUSE OR WHATEVER.
>> OKAY, HAVE FUN.
>> OKAY, BYE.
♪ ♪
>> SO OUR PARTY WAS A SUCCESS.
>> SUCCESSFUL BARBECUE.
>> YOU CAN'T LOOK
FOR A BOYFRIEND.
YOU CAN'T JUST WANT 'EM LIKE
THAT.
>> I KNOW. THAT'S MY PROBLEM.
WHAT WERE WE SAYING
THE OTHER DAY?
SAME WITH SHOES.
YOU CAN'T GO LOOK FOR SHOES.
>> YEAH, THEY JUST HAVE TO
COME TO YOU.
>> NO, WE WERE SAYING THAT
ABOUT SUNGLASSES.
>> NO, I THINK IT'S
MORE LIKE PURSES, ACTUALLY.
YOU'RE ALWAYS GONNA HAVE
THAT ONE BOY THAT YOU'RE
ALWAYS COMFORTABLE WITH
AND YOU'LL ALWAYS
KIND OF LIKE, RIGHT?
THAT'S YOUR PURSE
THAT YOU WEAR EVERYWHERE, RIGHT?
THEN YOU HAVE THAT GORGEOUS BAG
THAT YOU WANT EVERYONE
TO SEE YOU WITH.
>> YEAH, BUT THE GORGEOUS BAG
IS USUALLY AN ASS...
>> OR COSTS A LOT OF MONEY.
THEN YOU HAVE, LIKE,
THOSE OTHER PURSES
THAT YOU REALLY LIKE,
BUT YOU DON'T REALLY
WANT TO BE SEEN WITH.
[LC's cell phone rings]
>> HELLO?
>> HEY, WHAT'S UP?
>> HI.
>> WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
>> I'M LAYING BY MY POOL.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
>> NOTHING. JUST HANGING OUT.
I'M PLAYING BASKETBALL
WITH TALAN RIGHT NOW.
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO LATER
ON TONIGHT?
>> MMM...DON'T KNOW YET.
>> DO YOU POSSIBLY WANNA
GO TO DINNER AROUND, LIKE, 7:00?
>> I WOULD LOVE TO.
>> HMM.
>> OKAY, SOUNDS GOOD.
I'LL GIVE YOU A CALL
BEFORE I'M ON MY WAY.
>> OKAY.
>> ALL RIGHT. BYE.
>> SOMEONE HAS A SMILE!
>> IT WAS JASON.
>> WHAT'D HE SAY?
>> HE ASKED ME TO
GO TO DINNER TONIGHT.
>> WHAT?
>> OHH!
THAT'S SO WEIRD.
I WOULD NEVER HAVE IMAGINED
IN MY LIFE YOU AND JASON
ON A DATE--EVER.
>> I HAVEN'T BEEN ON A DATE
IN SO LONG.
>> GO, YOU!
>> NO, LISTEN TO ME.
THE LAST DATE I WENT ON
WAS IN DECEMBER.
>> YEAH, LAUREN, LIKE,
YOU'VE HAD A LITTLE THINGY WITH
STEPHEN FOR THIS WHOLE TIME.
LIKE, BACK AND FORTH,
BACK AND FORTH.
>> NOT EVEN.
>> DO YOU THINK THAT, UM,
STEPHEN WOULD CARE IF
YOU WENT ON A DATE WITH JASON?
LIKE, YOU DON'T THINK
HE'D CARE AT ALL?
>> NO.
>> PLEASE.
>> YOU'RE OVER STEPHEN
COMPLETELY, 100% OR 99%?
>> 102%.
>> NO WAY.
>> YES WAY.
>> WELL...GOOD.
♪ ♪
>> SO TELL US ABOUT JASON.
>> I ALREADY TOLD YOU ABOUT HIM.
WE'RE JUST GOING OUT TO DINNER.
>> THAT'S IT? IT'S JUST DINNER?
VERY CASUAL?
>> MM-HMM.
>> KIND OF GETTING TO
KNOW EACH OTHER?
HE'S A NICE BOY?
>> NICE BOY.
>> TREATS YOU RIGHT?
>> MM-HMM.
>> OPENS YOUR DOOR?
>> BOYS DON'T OPEN DOORS
ANYMORE.
>> YES, THEY DO.
WOULD YOU SEND HIM DOWN?
I'D LIKE TO TALK TO HIM.
>> NO.
>> [laughs]
>> I'M GONNA GO SIT IN MY ROOM--
>> HE JUST KNOCKED AT THE DOOR.
>> YEAH, OOH,
SOMEBODY'S AT THE DOOR.
WONDER WHO IT IS
[laughs]
>> BYE.
>> OH, WE'RE NOT HAVING TROUBLE
LETTING GO AT ALL.
>> SO THIS IS YOUR DAD'S CAR?
>> YEAH.
>> IT'S SO LITTLE.
>> ARE YOU SURE YOU CAN GET IN?
>> HOW--
>> JUST STEP ON THE WHEEL
AND THEN PUT YOUR--
YOU SURE YOU DON'T NEED HELP?
>> HAND.
>> KIND OF GNARLY.
>> WAIT, THERE'S NOT EVEN
SEAT BELTS.
>> I KNOW.
>> IS THAT LEGAL?
[starts engine]
>> OF COURSE.
[car horn honks]
>> YOU OKAY?
>> YEAH.
I'M IN AN AWESOME CAR
WITH A CUTE BOY.
IT'S SO WARM OUT TODAY.
>> IT IS.
I'M, LIKE, HOT RIGHT NOW.
>> WE'RE IN A HOT ROD.
[laughs]
>> LOOK AT THAT CAR!
> "LOOK AT THAT CAR!"
[chattering]
>> YOU WANNA SIT HERE, HON?
>> WE GOT A HIGH TABLE.
I'M SO FAR AWAY FROM YOU.
>> I KNOW.
>> [laughs]
>> DUDE, I HEARD
THE MOST STANDARD STUFF
ABOUT LAUREN TODAY FROM JEN.
>> MOST STANDARD STUFF
ABOUT LAUREN--
>> GUESS WHAT SHE'S DOING
RIGHT NOW.
>> WHAT?
>> SHE'S GOING ON A DATE
WITH J-WAHL.
>> WAIT...
>> SHE'S GOING ON A DATE
WITH J-WAHL.
>> WAIT A MINUTE. REWIND.
>> I SWEAR.
>> WHO TOLD YOU THIS?
>> JEN.
>> INTERESTING.
>> IT SUCKS, DUDE.
SHE'S MY BEST CHICK FRIEND,
BUT IT'S LIKE, "WHAT THE...
AM I SUPPOSED TO DO?"
SHE'S SETTING HERSELF UP.
HE'S A PLAYER, DUDE.
HE'S A PLAYER.
>> GOOD LUCK.
>> I CAN'T SEE THEIR DATE
RIGHT NOW, TOO.
IT'S LIKE...
THE MOST ODD COUPLE.
>> YOU LOOK REALLY CUTE.
>> WHAT?
>> THANK YOU. THANKS.
>> WOW.
>> WHAT?
>> NOTHING.
>> WHAT? WHY'D YOU SAY 'WOW'?
>> 'CAUSE I'M WITH YOU.
>> HMM.
>> THAT WAS THE CUTEST THING
I'VE EVER SEEN IN MY LIFE.
>> WHAT?
>> YOU.
>> WHAT'D I DO?
>> NOTHING.
>> I THINK I'M IN THE LIGHT.
>> YOU WANNA GO TO THE HOT TUB?
YOU READY?
>> WELL, THAT WAS NICE.
>> I HAD A GOOD TIME WITH YOU.
WELL, THANK YOU.
[honks car horn]
>> OH, MY GOD!
THAT IS NOT YOUR CAR!
>> CAN YOU BELIEVE IT?
>> YOU LOOK SO CUTE IN IT!
>> ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
KRISTIN, THIS IS YOUR CAR!
>> I KNOW, I KNOW,
I KNOW, I KNOW.
SIT IN IT. CAN YOU BELIEVE IT?
OH, SORRY--YEAH, GO FOR IT.
>> OH, MY GOD!
>> LIKE, IT STILL HASN'T
HIT ME YET.
THIS IS, LIKE, WHAT I'M
COMING TO SCHOOL IN EVERY DAY.
I KNOW.
>> CAN YOU DRIVE AROUND?
>> YEAH.
>> I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU'RE
FREAKING OUT MORE RIGHT NOW.
>> YOU GUYS, THIS...
REALLY HASN'T HIT ME.
>> OOH, YOU HAVE A SUNROOF!
>> LOOK HOW BIG IT IS!
>> THAT'S A SUNROOF?
>> DAMN!
>> I KNOW!
>> OH, MY GOD!
>> I DON'T KNOW HOW TO STOP IT.
>> IT'S NOT GONNA STOP.
>> PERFECT.
>> YES! WE ARE HOME, AND I
DO NOT HAVE TO DRIVE ANYMORE.
>> [squealing]
>> THAT WAS A GOOD DINNER.
>> JACUZZI, JACUZZI, JACUZZI.
[Lifehouse's  You and Me]
>> ♪ WHAT DAY IS IT? ♪
♪ AND IN WHAT MONTH? ♪
♪ THIS CLOCK NEVER SEEMED ♪
♪ SO ALIVE ♪
♪ I CAN'T KEEP UP ♪
♪ AND I CAN'T BACK DOWN ♪
♪ 'CAUSE IT'S YOU AND ME ♪
♪ AND ALL OF THE PEOPLE ♪
♪ WITH NOTHING TO DO ♪
♪ NOTHING TO LOSE ♪
♪ AND IT'S YOU AND ME ♪
♪ AND ALL OF THE PEOPLE ♪
♪ AND I DON'T KNOW WHY ♪
♪ I CAN'T KEEP MY EYES ♪
♪ OFF OF YOU ♪
>> COME ON.
>> ♪ ALL OF THE THINGS ♪
♪ THAT I WANNA SAY ♪
♪ JUST AREN'T COMING OUT RIGHT ♪
♪ I'M TRIPPING ON WORDS ♪
♪ YOU GOT MY HEAD SPINNING ♪
♪ I DON'T KNOW ♪
♪ WHERE TO GO FROM HERE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE IT'S YOU AND ME ♪
♪ AND ALL OF THE PEOPLE ♪
♪ WITH NOTHING TO DO ♪
♪ NOTHING TO PROVE ♪
♪ AND IT'S YOU AND ME ♪
>> COME ON. LET'S GO IN.
♪ AND ALL OF THE PEOPLE ♪
♪ AND I DON'T KNOW WHY ♪
♪ I CAN'T KEEP MY EYES ♪
♪ OFF OF YOU ♪